So, guys, next, let us discuss serializing that Alby's serializing really means creating the Alby's,
so the data structure, that is the last buffer.
Our streams will help us to create the pelvis very easily.
Let us see how.
So let us take an example that the deal with that we will going to create is shown in the diagram here.
So let us see how we can prepare the will exactly like this using serializer buffer.
So let us take an example.
So let us have a code walk quickly.
This is a very simple code walk.
So initialize the serialize buffer.
Very simple.
Right now, the first value that you need to put in the TRV is the value 132.
So just take the variable which stores the value 132 and call the Serialize data function.
The first argument to this Serialize data function is the pointer to the stream data structure, and
the second argument is a pointer to the data which you want to copy in the daily.
And the last argument is the number of bytes that you want to copy.
So remember in the U.S. that the type is one byte and the PLB Lent is one byte, therefore we have specified
here one.
So when you call this API serialized data, it will copy the value one thirty two in the serialized
buffer.
Right.
So the value 132 has been copied, industrialized by the next, we need to copy the value 20, so assign
the value 20 to the variable data and then call this API and copy the value 20 industrialized buffer
in the same way.
Right, so 20 will be copied the next, do you want to copy the IP address in the civilized buffer?
So just take a variable and assign the value which you want to copy and simply serialize the data so
you can see that the rest of the fields are filled in exactly the same manner.
That is serialized data can place any type of data.
It doesn't matter whether the data type is character or number or integer, nothing serialized data.
The second argument is just a pointer to the memory location, which contains the data to be copied
into.
Right.
So you can see that your serialized buffer is now taking the shape of a daily.
So in the end, your SITILIDES buffer has actually turned into TRV and you can send the content of your
Cirillo's buffer using sockets.
So the exact pointer to the memory, which actually contains the serialized data, is pointed by the
stream at be pointer and the actual size of the deal with that is prepared.
Is the stream arrow next value?
Right.
So not that here it is, not stream arrow size value, but it is the stream arrow next.
That is the actual data that is present in the serialized buffer.
So when we send the content of the serialized buffer using any mechanism such as socket, so on the
receiving machine, the actual data that will be received will be this entire chunk of data or the Elvie.
So the receiving machine will going to receive the content exactly in the same format as shown in this
diagram.
On the receiving machine, let us try to understand that how the stream data structure can help us to
decode the reality that is received on the receiving machine.
So on the receiving machine, when we received that, the Elvy, we will read the content of the PLB,
this process is called decimalization.
So you can see that as soon as you receive a date on the receiving machine, you copy the entire data
in the serialize buffer.
Right, and now after copying the data in the serialized buffer, we can invoke the D.C. utilized data.
To copy the individual units in the PLB into the respective application variables.
So let us say that we have received that they'll be on the receiving machine and the content of all
the and the entirety, Alvie is copied as it is into the serialized buffer.
So serializable will look like this.
That is the point of the Cirillo's buffer will point to the start of the data and the next value will
be zero.
Now we will start reading this serialized buffer by.
Invoking the D.C. Data API, so you can see that the first argument to this API is the pointer to the
memory location in which we need to copy the data from the serialized buffer.
The second argument is the serializable for itself.
And the third argument is the number of bytes which we want to copy from the serialized buffer to the
to the destination.
So simply we can use multiple copy the data from the serialized buffer to the destination.
So be an extra variable is zero.
It means that we are copying from the start of the serialized buffer and how many bytes we are copying.
We are copying these many bytes.
So after copying, just set the next increment to the next value by the size of the.
Data that we have read from the Cirillo's buffer, so let us take an example.
Let us say that we need to read four bytes from the serialised buffer, so take a variable unsigned
destination and simply invoke the API DC release data.
Right, and past the point of.
To the best variable that is in this variable, we will going to copy the data past the point of the
serialised buffer and pass the number of bytes that you want to copy.
Right.
So after this call, your less buffer will look something like this.
The next member of the serialized buffer will be pointing to the fourth bite in the serialized buffer
because the byte number from zero to four have already been read from the serialized buffer.
And now, once again, if you invoke the D.C. data API again, you are trying to read for bytes of the
data from the serialised buffer.
So the next member of the civilized buffer will be shifted to the elite, bite into the civilized buffer,
meaning that it bites of data has been read from the serialized buffer.
So every time you keep on invoking these rules that apply on the serialized buffer, this next member
of the serialized buffer will keep on incrementing and it will increment by the size of the data that
you have read from the serialized buffer.
Right, so you can see that it is like more or less resemble to the typewriter.
In this case, we instead of writing the return to the serialized buffer, we are reading the data from
the serialized buffer and whatever chunk of data we read from the serialized buffer, we copy that data
into our application specific variables.
So this is called this utilization of the Elvis that is having received the TRV on the receiving machine.
We can copy the entirety Alvie into the Cirillo's buffer and then using the DC data API, we can copy
the 12 units or 12 data one by one into our local application.
Specific variables.
So that's all with the concept of deal, we hope you enjoyed the concept of dearly.
Thank you, guys.